Misc cleanup to the attributes documentation (#2765)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/attributes.md

</tbody>
</table>

> ## Attribute Sources

Reviewer: What's your reasoning for removing this information? Understanding where attributes are defined is important.

cookbook. When a cookbook is run against a node, the attributes
contained in all attribute files are evaluated in the context of the

> node object. Node methods (when present) are used to set attribute

Reviewer: We need to define the term "node methods"

## About Deep Merge

> Attributes are typically defined in cookbooks, recipes, and Policyfiles. These attributes are rolled-up to the node level during a Chef Infra Client run. A recipe can store attribute values using a multi-level hash or array.

Reviewer: We need to define the term "deep merge" or not use it at all. Is "deep merge" the process that Chef Infra Client uses to negotiate nuanced attribute definitions from a variety of sources during a run? Something else?

"are typically defined": Is this a best practice (or not)? Do we want users to define attributes in cookbooks, recipes, and Policyfiles and avoid other ways? 

"rolled-up" is idiomatic. "The Chef Infra Client applies attributes defined in these sources to the node during a run." or something similar.

    role_or_environment 2 [ [ 3 ] ]
    =
    [ [ 1, 2 ], [ 3 ] ]

## Limiting Attribute Persistence

> Some organizations find it helpful to control attribute data stored to the Chef Infra Server in order to limit the disk and CPU resources used processing unused attributes. For example your organization may find the data from the Ohai `Package` plugin useful when writing cookbooks, but you don't see the need in savings ~100k of package information for each Chef Infra Client run. By limiting this data from being saved to the Chef Infra Server it will still be available on the node within cookbooks, but won't be saved to the Chef Infra Server, where it is available in searches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some organizations find it helpful to control attribute data stored to the Chef Infra Server in order to limit the disk and CPU resources used when processing unused attributes. For example, your organization may find the data from the Ohai `Package` plugin useful when writing cookbooks, but you don't see the need in saving ~100k of package information for each Chef Infra Client run. By limiting the data that is saved to the Chef Infra Server, it will still be available on the node within cookbooks, but won't be saved to the Chef Infra Server where it is available in searches.
```

{{< note >}}

In Chef Infra Client 16.3 the node Blacklist and Whitelist features were renamed to Blocklist and Allowlist. For backwards compatibility the old configuration values will continue to work, but this document will describe the Blocklist and Allowlist names. See each section below for the appropriate legacy configuration values if you are running legacy clients in your organization.

{{< /note >}}

### Attributes Blocklist

> {{% node_attribute_blacklist %}}

Reviewer: Let's rename the files, while we're at it.

Author: Yep I have to rewrite them entirely as well
